   Berkeley Deterministic Replay (BDR) Release 0.1

WHAT IS BDR?
   BDR is a general-purpose deterministic replay tool (also known
   as record/replay) for reproducing executions of parallel (i.e.,
   multi-core) and distributed programs (i.e., those that communicate
   over a network). BDR enables users to shift the instrumentation over of
   execution analysis to the offline, replay phase. This makes it possible
   to be analysis that would be too expensive in production environments.

   BDR should not be distributed for public use at this time as it is
   currently a research prototype. See the accompanying LICENSE file
   for more details.

HARDWARE REQUIREMENTS:
   BDR was designed for the x86 architecture, and in particular, the
   Pentium IV (or AMD equivalent) and newer models. The machine must
   have an MMU and performance counters.

   Processors that support long mode (64-bit mode), PAE (Physical Address
   Extensions), and PSE (Page Size Extension) features are supported,
   but they must be disabled for BDR to work. Future support for these
   features is planned.

SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS:
   BDR was designed to run on Linux 2.6 and is known to work with kernel
   versions 2.6.26 and greater.  Only 32-bit Linux is currently supported,
   but 64-bit Linux may be supported in the future. Any distribution of
   Linux (e.g., Debain, Fedora, etc.) will do.

   Compiling BDR requires a working GCC (>= 4.1) installation.
   
   Running BDR requires Python 2, version >= 6. Python 3 is not currently
   supported.

COMPILING BDR:
   - Do a "make clean", then a "make".

INSTALLING BDR (optional):
   - After a successful build, simply copy the contents of the
   distributed/ directory to the location of your choosing, and point
   your PATH to distributed/bin.

   - Optionally, a "make dist" produces a tarball of the distributed directory,
   which can them be copied (e.g., via scp) to remote nodes.

RUNNING BDR:
   - First prep your environment for BDR.
        o Turn off address-space randomization: this could confuse BDR
        o Disable SE linux (since it prohibits certain mmap(MAP_FIXED) requests)

   - To record, do "distributed/bin/bdr-record
   /bin/my_fancy_distributed_program".  The recording will be saved
   by default to a local directory (see the output of bdr-record to
   determine where).

   - To replay all recordings in a directory, do "distributed/bin/bdr-replay
   file:/tmp/bdr-galtekar/recordings/*".
